Privilege Escalation
The Juicy Potato source code
can be found on its github page.
After a review of the code, we do not
find anything that raises concerns,
so we can deem this exploit to
be safe to run against our target.
While the Juicy Potato binary can be
downloaded directly from the GitHub page,
we recommend only using exploit
binaries that we have compiled.
However, Juicy Potato requires tools
that you, as a student
may not have at your disposal.
Instead, we will use a binary that
we compiled, which can be found
on your Windows 10 PWK
client in the labs.
We have already transfered this binary
to our Kali machine so let’s continue.
We’ll use our existing meterpreter shell
to upload the Juicy Potato
binary to Cevapi.
Next, we will background our
current meterpreter session
and start a new listener.
Now let’s edit the Item configuration in
Jenkins to run the Juicy Potato command.
Before we run Juicy Potato,
there are some mandatory
arguments we must establish.
The first required flag ( -t ) is
the “Process creation mode”.
The documentation states that we
need CreateProcessWithToken
if we have the SeImpersonate
privilege, which we do.
To direct Juicy Potato to use
CreateProcessWithToken,
we will pass the “t” value.
Next, the -p flag specifies the
program we are trying to run.
In this case, we can use the same
backdoored whoami.exe binary
that we used previously.
Finally, Juicy Potato allows us
to specify an arbitrary port
for the COM server to listen
on with the -l flag.
We’ll also check the Execute concurrent
builds if necessary checkbox
to allow us to run both the old
build and the new build simultaneously.
While this isn’t necessary, it is nice
to have a fallback to the
old low-privilege shell if needed.
Once the configuration is
saved, we select Build Now
and wait for the meterpreter shell.
The build will show as failed, however,
if we switch to msfconsole, we
still obtain a SYSTEM shell.
Nice!